Now that I've started and deployed the GraphQL application to Tomcat,
let's see the GraphQL server in action.
The first step is to navigate to localhost:8080/graphql/schema.json in a web browser.
In this case, I'm using Firefox.
This shows all of the schemas on the GraphQL server.
Notice, it highlights the queries and the mutations.
So for the query like we saw before,
we have find all locations.
For the mutations, we have adding a new location,
deleting and existing location,
and updating the location name.
Now that the GraphQL server is up and running,
we have several options for testing.
The first is to use a simple tool like postman.
So let's navigate there.
To test the GraphQL server,
simply send a post request to this URL.
Localhost:8080/graphql. For headers, you would set the content type to application.json,
and for the post body,
you would use query because we're sending a query.
The name of the query findAllLocations,
and the fields that you want returned back in your query,
name, ID, and address.
Simply click "Send" and notice here it sends back all of
the locations found in our H2 in memory database.
There's also another popular way to test GraphQL APIs,
and it is through a tool called Graph EQL.
So let's take a look at it.